[tm] Chp3-2 Update layer symbology chapter (#3301)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/basic_map/symbology.rst

To change a layer's symbology, open its :guilabel:`Layer Properties`. Let's
begin by changing the color of the :guilabel:`landuse` layer.

#. Right-click on the :guilabel:`landuse` layer in the layers list.
#. Select the menu item :guilabel:`Properties...` in the menu that appears.

   .. note:: By default, you can also access a layer's properties by
     double-clicking on the layer in the Layers list.

>    .. tip:: The button |symbology| in the upper part of the :guilabel:`Layers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tip:: The button |symbology| in the upper left part of the :guilabel:`Layer Properties`
```

>      panel will open the :guilabel:`Layer Styling` panel. You can also use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     window will open the :guilabel:`Symbology` panel. You can also use this
```

>      panel will open the :guilabel:`Layer Styling` panel. You can also use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     panel will open the :guilabel:`Layer Styling` panel. You can use this
```

|basic| |TY|
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Change the :guilabel:`water` layer to a light blue color. Try to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the color of the :guilabel:`water` layer to light blue. Try to use the
```

#. Open the :guilabel:`Layer Properties` window for the :guilabel:`landuse`
   layer.

   Under the |symbology| :guilabel:`Symbology` tab, you will see the same kind
   of dialog as before. This time, however, you're doing more than just quickly
   changing the color.

> #. In the symbol layers tree, expand the :guilabel:`Fill` dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In :guilabel:`Symbol layer type` dropdown,
```

>    (if necessary) and select the :guilabel:`Simple fill` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   select the :guilabel:`Simple fill` option:
```

|basic| |TY|
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Change the :guilabel:`water` layer's symbology again so that it has a
  darker blue outline.
* Change the :guilabel:`rivers` layer's symbology to a sensible representation
  of waterways.

Remember: you can use the |symbology| :sup:`Open the Layer Styling panel`

> button and see instantly all the changes. Also that panel allows you to undo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
button and see all the changes instantly. That panel also allows you to undo
```

#. Open the :guilabel:`Layer Properties` dialog for the :guilabel:`buildings`
   layer.
#. Activate the |rendering| :guilabel:`Rendering` tab.
#. Enable scale-based rendering by clicking on the checkbox labeled
   :guilabel:`Scale dependent visibility`:

> #. Change the :guilabel:`Minimum` value to ``1:10,000``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Change the :guilabel:`Minimum` value to ``1:10000``.
```

layers.

#. Go back to the :guilabel:`landuse` layer's symbol properties panel (by clicking

>    :guilabel:`Simple fill` in the symbol layers tree).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Simple fill` in the :guilabel:`Symbol layer type` dropdown).
```

   In this example, the current symbol has no outline (i.e., it uses the
   :guilabel:`No Pen` border style).

   .. image:: img/add_symbol_layer_button.png
      :align: center

> #. Select now the :guilabel:`Fill` level in the tree and click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the :guilabel:`Fill` level in the tree and click
```

   the |signPlus| :sup:`Add symbol layer` button.

>    The dialog will change to look somewhat like this, with a new symbol layer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The dialog will change to look something like this, with a new symbol layer
```

.. image:: img/multiple_symbol_layers.png
   :align: center

|

It's fun! But it probably has too many colors to use in a real map...

.. _backlink-symbology-layers-1:

|moderate| |TY|
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Remembering to zoom in if necessary, create a simple, but not distracting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remembering to zoom in if necessary, and then create a simple, but not distracting
```

Reviewer 2: If this suggestion is accepted, I guess we should change "Remembering" to "Remember".

   .. image:: img/symbol_levels_dialog.png
      :align: center

#. Check |checkbox| :guilabel:`Enable symbol levels`. You can then set the

>    layer ordering of each symbol by entering the corresponding level number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   layer order of each symbol by entering the corresponding level number.
```

   .. image:: img/better_roads_symbology.png
      :align: center

|

When you're done, remember to save the symbol itself so as not to lose your
work if you change the symbol again in the future. You can save your current
symbol style by clicking the :guilabel:`Save Style...` button at the bottom

> of the :guilabel:`Layer Properties` dialog. Generally,

Author: ```suggestion
of the :guilabel:`Layer Properties` dialog.
```

> you can save as :guilabel:`QGIS QML Style File`.

Reviewer 2: "Generally, you can" doesn't really make sense. Perhaps a brief reason for generally saving as QML would help?

Author: ```suggestion
We will be using the :guilabel:`QGIS QML Style File` format.
```

.. TODO: imho there's a mix of saving symbols and saving styles here that could
 be misleading. Saving style should deserve its own section.

> Save your style under :file:`solution/styles/better_roads.qml` folder. You can load a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Save your style in the :file:`solution/styles/better_roads.qml` folder. You can load a
```

|moderate| |TY|
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Change the appearance of the :guilabel:`roads` layer again.

> The roads must be narrow and yellow, with a thin, pale gray outline and a

Reviewer 2: How about "Make the roads narrow..."?

that make up the texture.

.. _backlink-symbology-marker-line:

|moderate| |TY|
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Apply to the :guilabel:`protected_areas` layer a green transparent fill color

Reviewer 2: How about "Apply a green transparent fill color to the protected_areas layer"?

> with outline looking like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and change the outline to look like this:
```

In QGIS:

#. Open the :guilabel:`Layer Properties` for the :file:`landuse` layer.
#. In the |symbology| :guilabel:`Symbology` tab, change the symbol structure by

>    selecting :guilabel:`SVG Fill` as :guilabel:`Symbol Layer Type` option, as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   changing the :guilabel:`Symbol Layer Type` to :guilabel:`SVG Fill````

   shown below.

> #. Click the :guilabel:`...` button and then on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Click the :guilabel:`...` button and then
```
